=The Truth=
=Episode 18=
Taxi.
Done.
Alright.
Then it's settled.
But I can only tell you
the specifics right before you leave.
I wish you success.
There won't be any surprises
waiting for us, right?
It's fine.
We only hope
that Mr. Bao shows up on time.
Aren't you worried at all?
Bao Hei's final test
isn't targeting us.
But him.
Why do I find it a bit risky?
Fortune favors the bold.
Let's just play it by ear.
Yes, Alzheimer's.
No, half a day won't work.
I need 24-hour care.
Nobody?
Please do your best.
Find me someone.
Okay.
I'll call you back later.
I'm going out
for some late-night snacks.
Should I bring you some?
I'm not hungry.
It's about the caretaker?
Yeah.
Now we can only find temporary help.
But temporary workers
don't want to care for the sick elderly.
Is there any other way?
My father
doesn't want to be hospitalized.
I understand him.
Think about it.
Even I can't bear
to put up with others' attitudes.
It's okay.
We'll figure something out.
Yeah.
Take it one day at a time.
Go ahead now.
Nothing else, right?
Tell me if you need anything.
Okay, got it.
Hello?
Yeah, it's me.
Ms. Miao.
There's something
I need to discuss with you.
Ms. Miao.
You're late.
You arrived too early.
You were late
for the college entrance exams.
But today you're early.
Ms. Miao.
Let's talk business.
So?
When will you pay me?
You're asking too much for it.
I can't afford it.
Stop kidding me.
Your family's supermarket
must be raking it in.
You don't have five million?
Who are you trying to fool?
That's the company's asset,
not mine.
Plus, the supermarket has huge costs
for purchasing and stockpiling goods.
We don't make that much profit.
I don't care.
Give me five million.
Or I'm going to the police.
You heard that recording too.
You egged my mom on
to deal with that woman.
To be honest,
they're already growing suspicious.
If I hand over what I have...
Ms. Miao.
My mom isn't as smart or capable as you.
She hasn't done
as well in life as you have.
But she's not a fool.
She had to leave herself a way out.
Right?
Five million isn't much.
My mom's insurance is worth two million.
What's left in the old man's safe
is worth another two million.
That's what my mom deserved.
Besides,
she has served your family
for so many years.
You should at least
show some appreciation, right?
One extra million.
Ms. Miao.
Even if you don't think about yourself,
think about Hua.
He's a civil servant.
Your mom did work hard.
I can give you the money,
but I don't have that much cash on hand.
The case isn't closed yet.
Getting money from the company account
will draw the police's attention.
It may cause more trouble.
You're a smart guy.
You know what I'm saying, right?
Installments work, too.
How much do you have right now?
Too little won't do.
It has to be a reasonable amount.
One million.
Come pick it up from my place
at this time tomorrow.
Miao Xiaolan has left.
That fast?
Looks like they reached a deal.
All units, maintain distance.
If only we could
get approval for wiretapping.
Otherwise, even if
we catch them on the spot,
as long as Miao Xiaolan denies
being blackmailed by Geng Tianchou,
we can't pin her down in this case.
So, what Geng Tianchou has
in his possession is crucial.
Then it's easy.
Even if Geng Tianchou
gets the money,
he most likely won't
hand over the proof as promised.
Why did Miao Xiaolan
tell him to meet her at home?
What a huge chandelier.
So beautiful.
A big house is better.
This is great, Ms. Miao.
I haven't been here for years.
I'm so happy just to be here.
Big houses are much cozier.
Our place is like a chicken coop.
Have a seat.
Is the drink for me?
This card is in your name.
Your mom opened the account.
I've deposited one million.
Here's the deposit slip.
It's all yours.
You got what you wanted.
What about me?
Ms. Miao.
Don't worry.
I've kept that precious video very safe.
Once I get all the money you owe me,
I promise to give it to you right away.
You don't get to visit often.
I should cook you a meal.
Too bad I can't cook.
Let's just have a drink.
Consider it my treat.
I hope you don't mind.
Come on, Ms. Miao.
You're being too polite.
I've never had this before.
This is real.
Cheers.
Thanks, Ms. Miao.
Drink up.
What are you doing?
You knew
what happened between your mom,
Zhao Junxin, and me from the start.
Nonsense. I didn't know anything.
We are not as smart as you.
Many ideas actually came from you.
Call an ambulance.
You're lying! You...
I...
That old woman is crazy.
Don't listen to her nonsense.
She even tried to kill me.
You saw it.
Why did Miao Xiaolan want to kill you?
How should I know?
S-She's insane!
Then why did you visit her?
I-It was nothing important.
S-She was my mom's classmate.
I went to catch up, but she...
I'm the victim here.
She's lying.
What she did had nothing to do with me.
You can't wrongfully accuse me.
Wrongfully accuse you?
If you were irrelevant,
why would Miao Xiaolan pay you?
Tell the truth.
You think we don't know
the role you played in this case?
We're giving you
another chance, understand?
I swear I wasn't involved.
I saw the video my mom left for me. I...
Where's the video?
What?
Planning to keep it
to blackmail Miao Xiaolan again?
There was no such thing
as a million in that account.
The deposit slip was fake.
The balance was less than 20 yuan.
The poison detected in that liquor
is the same kind that killed
Liao Guangyong and Song Ying.
It was probably
from your mom Jiang Yuzhen, too.
That old woman tricked me.
Where's the video?
There's a flash drive
behind the air conditioner
in my bedroom.
Tian.
I've thought about
what we discussed earlier.
Just like you said,
it's just a flick of the finger.
Nothing too serious.
Your dad left us early.
I've never been capable
of giving you a better life.
I thought I'd save some money
to buy a house.
Once you get married,
I could help care for your kids
and your family.
But now, it won't happen.
What's more,
if I become a burden,
that'd be even worse.
I can't hold you back.
I'd rather seize this chance
to end it all.
If it works, I might even
leave you some money.
You know
where that insurance contract is kept.
Take that contract to Ms. Miao.
I've already worked it out with her.
She agreed
to look after you.
If this works,
buy a house with that money.
Girls will only consider marrying you
once you have a house.
If it doesn't work...
No.
No matter how useless I am,
I'll make it work.
The police will come then.
No matter how they question you,
you must insist that you knew nothing
and it was all my doing.
Also, if there's any issue
with the insurance company,
find Ms. Miao.
I poisoned
Mr. Liao and Ms. Song for her.
Anyone can deny this,
but she can't.
I'm recording this today
as evidence.
Make sure you keep it safe.
Tian,
learn to take care of yourself.
I won't be here.
Don't overdo the cold stuff in summer.
Dress warmly in winter.
Don't always
eat fast food.
Eat more fruits, veggies,
and drink plenty of water.
Don't play on your phone too much.
Go out more often.
When you go out,
stay safe.
If you're well, I won't worry.
I'm nagging again.
I'll stop.
I have to go.
Geng Tianchou lied.
According to Jiang Yuzhen,
he knew about their plan from the start.
He might even have helped plan it,
as Miao Xiaolan said.
Geng Tianchou is truly despicable.
He knew his mother was going to...
Hello?
Okay.
Captain Leng.
Miao Xiaolan's been saved.
Hua.
Mom.
They told you everything?
Dad wanted a divorce.
Just divorce him.
You two had been separated
for so long anyway.
Why suddenly...
Song Ying was pregnant.
He wanted to divorce me
to leave the company and assets
to that child.
So what?
What would I do with the company?
I have a job and a place to stay.
My salary and benefits are decent.
Besides, I'm no good
at running a business.
Nor am I interested.
Mom, you know that.
No.
Absolutely not.
He and I built this company
from the ground up.
I can't let some outsiders take over.
But he was my dad.
You don't understand.
It's fine.
I did all this for you.
I did it all for you.
Now no one can threaten you.
Everything will be yours.
Even if I die now, I can rest in peace.
I know about my mom's cancer.
It really scared me at first.
I wondered how much money it would cost.
And she might not
get cured no matter what.
Wouldn't that money be wasted?
With her meager salary and savings,
we really can't afford it.
As a grown man, why can't you get a job
and get her proper treatment?
Shameless.
When did you find out
about Miao Xiaolan's plan?
Miao Xiaolan started plotting it
when she realized
that Song Ying was pregnant.
She kept talking to my mom about it.
Actually, my mom
told her about the pregnancy.
My mom said insurance
doesn't pay out for suicide,
so someone had to stage an accident.
It just happened that Zhao Junxin
had been planning
to kill Liao Guangyong for years.
Even creepier than Miao Xiaolan.
Miao Xiaolan promised my mom money
to poison her husband and his mistress.
Miao Xiaolan got the poison.
They even figured out what to do
if it failed in the end.
It was Zhao Junxin's idea.
Her idea was
that it would be better
to kill Liao Guangyong in person.
Don't just talk about others.
You played a big part in this too.
Confess.
No, I didn't.
Why won't you believe me?
Could I come up
with something this complicated?
It's just that when my mom
couldn't decide
whether to go through with it or not,
I-I gave her some advice.
You pushed her to commit a crime
and die?
Why would I push her?
She did it willingly.
I just helped her weigh
the pros and cons.
I was afraid Miao Xiaolan
would back out of the deal.
Wouldn't we lose out big time?
And look what happened?
She did back out, didn't she?
So I'm telling you,
rich people are the worst.
Isn't that terrifying?
They had me totally fooled.
I'm telling you, I'm an idiot.
What kind of person is she?
Appearing and disappearing like a ghost.
What even is this?
I won't
take over the company.
And Mom,
keep the money.
I don't need it.
What would I do with it?
I did all this for you.
I'm sorry, Mom.
I really can't accept this.
It was all for you.
Hua.
The doctor said
metastasis is inevitable.
I don't have long to live.
If I die like this,
what will happen to Tian?
He can't do anything.
He's never been away from me.
I've worked my whole life for my son.
Anyone who tries to take away
what rightfully belongs to my son
will have to pay the price.
What's wrong?
Don't you always want me
to cook you a special meal?
I'm in a good mood.
Special meal?
You coming or not? Barbecue.
Barbecue.
What are you doing here?
I'm cooking something for you.
Little Qian is making you
a special treat.
I don't know how to cook.
So I'm making you some Tangyuan I love.
I'll go grill.
How many do you want?
Five or six will do.
Alright then.
Come help me grill.
Okay.
Just add some seasoning.
Little Qian.
Does this look done yet?
Where did he go?
Where did you go?
See if this is cooked.
I got you a gift.
Brand new.
Happy birthday.
We know even if you didn't say anything.
Thanks.
Really, thank you.
I'll take it.
- Hurry up. Blow the candles.
- Okay, move your hands.
Move.
Yeah.
Happy birthday.
- Happy birthday.
Sing me the birthday song.
Come on.
In Chinese or English?
Chinese first, then English. How's that?
Deal.
♪Happy birthday to you♪
♪Happy birthday to me♪
Keep digging.
Come on, step back.
No pictures.
Do not take pictures.
Step back.
Work with us, please.
(Crime Scene Investigation)
Stop.
Ziwu.
Lei, we found something.
Alright. Get to work.
Aren't they building a reservoir?
According to the plan,
this whole area will be underwater.
The village committee encouraged us
to relocate to the public cemetery
and offered subsidies.
By family seniority,
we'd call the person buried here uncle.
Uncle? Got it.
His family lives quite far away.
His children are all overseas.
So he asked us relatives for help.
Who knew we'd dig up an unclaimed one?
Officers.
This plot is an old burial ground
with history.
Back in the day,
we just buried people directly here
without cremation first.
But this one doesn't even have a coffin.
How can we face our ancestors?
Aren't they afraid of karma?
- Right?
- Yeah.
Exactly.
How heartless.
They ruined the feng shui.
We rely on this
for prosperity.
Our good fortune is gone.
Here.
The clothing shows pigment fading.
It tears easily with slight force.
The corpse is completely skeletonized.
Bones appear pale brownish-yellow.
Oily residue on bone surfaces
is completely gone.
The estimated burial time
was two to four years ago.
Victim height is 1.7 meters.
Male.
I can't determine
the cause of the wound yet.
Any wounds?
Jiao.
Coming.
Okay.
But I don't think it was an accident.
It should be homicide.
Lei.
It's Teresa Teng.
Your and Captain Leng's favorite.
Really?
Let me see.
Come on.
Take a look.
I actually have this one.
This must be
about three or four years ago.
Who buys discs anymore?
Everything's digital now.
Let me tell you something.
This is the deluxe commemorative edition
with limited release.
If this is a genuine copy,
it would fetch a price
on the secondhand market.
Here.
Multi-layered cloth shoes.
This type of shoe
shows distinct wear patterns.
The wear on the right shoe
is much greater than that on the left.
They're both concentrated
on the forefoot area.
The victim's forefoot
frequently made contact with something.
I've seen this type
of sole pattern before.
That person was a driver
operating a manual truck.
Based on the wear of these shoes,
the victim very likely
drove a manual car.
The shoes and the clothes we dug up
are quite cheap.
The quality isn't great.
If he were a driver,
he would probably be driving
something like a ride-share or taxi.
(No-Name Diner)
Come on.
Miao Xiaolan and Geng Tianchou
have both confessed.
So this case is closed, right?
Want some more?
I'm good.
And I heard Miao Xiaolan's son
plans to sell the company
and donate the money. Is that true?
Yeah.
It was Miao Xiaolan's wishful thinking
for her son to inherit the company.
If she had respected her son's wishes,
they wouldn't be like this.
It was all just an obsession.
Anyway,
the case is finally closed.
How's Ziwu doing?
Oh, right.
Is Zhang Ziwu
still working overtime today?
Yeah.
Which one of you
will go back to the station?
I'll pack her some food.
I will.
Lei, you got customers.
Just got off work?
Come on, hurry up.
Hungry?
Lei, working the night shift again?
Yeah.
Come on.
Have some food.
You brought this for me?
Yeah.
Eat it while it's hot.
You know what? I could eat.
How's that skull reconstruction
coming along?
I knew it.
There's no way you'd be this nice
just to bring me food.
Even the hardest-working person
has to eat.
Almost done.
Okay.
If you're almost done, head back early.
Need a ride?
Alright, eat up.
Our investigation shows
that most taxis and ride-shares
have switched
to automatic transmissions
in recent years.
Considering the victim's time of death,
we contacted
the traffic management authorities
for the list of drivers who were still
driving manual cars three years ago.
Through facial comparison,
the victim looks very much like
someone named Ding Youcai.
Ding Youcai,
a native of Dingjia Village,
Tuba Township, Beicheng.
He was previously an employee
of Longxiang Taxi Company
and quit three years ago.
The number and address he left
are no longer valid.
The remains were found in Tuba Township?
It's about three kilometers away.
But it's a different village.
Any relatives or friends?
His parents passed away long ago.
He had no other relatives.
Not many close acquaintances
at the company either.
We're still investigating.
Has the COD been determined?
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪